In my reading and my study,
There are treasures that I find
When I’m searching, digging deeper,
When I take a little time.
In my imagination, I am in the scene.
It helps me understand
just what the Bible means.
Imagination and meditation—​
​These are the things that help me see.
They give the insight to help me do right
And be the person I should be—​
​The person I should be.
I can ponder on the people—​
​Some were faithful; some were not.
Their example gives me insight
To God’s feelings and his thought.
Sometimes my meditation makes me realize
How I can be
more pleasing in Jehovah’s eyes.
Imagination and meditation—​
​These are the things that help us see.
They give the insight to help us do right
And be the persons we should be—​
​The persons we should be.
Imagination and meditation,
Imagination and meditation.